intro/contents.md, before:

Welcome to the official angstromCTF Learning Guide! angstromCTF is a free, online cybersecurity competition for high school students. Here, we've written and presented essential cybersecurity material that will help you all throughout our competition. Even if you're not playing angstromCTF, this guide still has a lot to offer for you: a complete review of basic and intermediate cybersecurity topics that will prove fruitful and interesting to many readers. Start at the beginning if you're new to CTFing and cybersecurity, and if you have some experience, check out the later sections.

This guide is a work in progress! If you have any comments, questions, concerns, or suggestions, shoot us an email at <a href="mailto:contact@angstromctf.com">contact@angstromctf.com</a>. More content will be added as time progresses.

### Structure of this Guide

This guide is split into several **modules**, each of which is a small lesson regarding some topic in cybersecurity. Many of the modules are interactive, so you can play around with what you learn and try to figure out how it works. Within each topic, modules are arranged in rough order of difficulty.

### Prerequisites

We really don't expect much, and are trying to spread this knowledge to as wide an audience as possible. Anyone proficient in basic math should have enough background to understand almost all of the content. Some programming experience would be nice, but we'll review everything you need to know.

### Acknowledgements

Credit for all of the great <a href="http://xkcd.org" target="_blank">xkcd</a> images goes to Randall Monroe. All his images are available at his website under the <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.5/" target="_blank">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 2.5 Generic License</a>.

angstromCTF is made possible through the loving efforts of the MBHS Cybersecurity Team, our generous sponsors, and amazing testers. This entire guide, both <a href="https://github.com/angstromctf/djangoctf">platform</a> and <a href="https://github.com/angstromctf/learn">content</a>, as well as our broader CTF platform, is free and open-source, hosted on Github, and licensed under the <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html">GNU General Public Licence, Version 3 (GPLv3)</a>.

Commit message:

Updated intro contents
Added more information about helping to contribute and current progress into porting things over from gitbook.

Signed-off-by: Kisa (Chris) Ayano <kisa.ayano@icloud.com>

intro/contents.md, after:

Welcome to the official angstromCTF Learning Guide! angstromCTF is a free, online cybersecurity competition for high school students. Here, we've written and presented essential cybersecurity material that will help you all throughout our competition. Even if you're not playing angstromCTF, this guide still has a lot to offer for you: a complete review of basic and intermediate cybersecurity topics that will prove fruitful and interesting to many readers. Start at the beginning if you're new to CTFing and cybersecurity, and if you have some experience, check out the later sections.

This guide is a work in progress! We're currently porting over content from our old Gitbook repo, which is still public but will be going offline after everything is moved over. 

If you have any comments, questions, concerns, or suggestions, shoot us an email at <a href="mailto:contact@angstromctf.com">contact@angstromctf.com</a>. More content will be added as time progresses. If you would like to contribute, open a pull request with your contributions, and we'll review it and potentially merge it in. Instructions on how the module system works will be added soon!

### Structure of this Guide

This guide is split into several **modules**, each of which is a small lesson regarding some topic in cybersecurity. Many of the modules are interactive, so you can play around with what you learn and try to figure out how it works. Within each topic, modules are arranged in rough order of difficulty.

### Prerequisites

We really don't expect much, and are trying to spread this knowledge to as wide an audience as possible. Anyone proficient in basic math should have enough background to understand almost all of the content. Some programming experience would be nice, but we'll review everything you need to know.

### Acknowledgements

Credit for all of the great <a href="http://xkcd.org" target="_blank">xkcd</a> images goes to Randall Monroe. All his images are available at his website under the <a href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc/2.5/" target="_blank">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 2.5 Generic License</a>.

angstromCTF is made possible through the loving efforts of the MBHS Cybersecurity Team, our generous sponsors, and amazing testers. This entire guide, both <a href="https://github.com/angstromctf/djangoctf">platform</a> and <a href="https://github.com/angstromctf/learn">content</a>, as well as our broader CTF platform, is free and open-source, hosted on Github, and licensed under the <a href="https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html">GNU General Public Licence, Version 3 (GPLv3)</a>.
